Butterflies cannot fly if their body temperature is less than 86 degrees.
Neurons multiply at a rate 250,000 neurons per minute during early pregnancy.

Elephants have the longest pregnancy in the animal kingdom at 22 months. The longest human pregnancy on record is 17 months, 11 days.


A female oyster produces 100 million young in her lifetime, the typical hen lays 19 dozen eggs a year, and it is possible for one female cat to be responsible for the birth of 20,736 kittens in four years. Michelle Druggar holds the record for largest human family, having given birth to 17 children.


750ml of blood pumps through your brain every minute which is 15-20% of blood flow from the heart.


The human brain is about 75% water.


Dragonflies are capable of flying sixty miles per hour, making them one of the fastest insects. This is good since they are in a big hurry, as they only live about twenty-four hours.


Flies jump backwards during takeoff.


A housefly will regurgitate its food and eat it again.


Termites outweigh humans by almost ten to one.


A spider's web is not a home, but rather a trap for its food. They are as individual as snowflakes, with no two ever being the same. Some tropical spiders have built webs over eighteen feet across.


More people are afraid of spiders than death. Amazingly, few people are afraid of Champagne corks even though you are more likely to be killed by one than by a spider.


Your brain consumes 25 watts of power while you’re awake. This amount of energy is enough to illuminate a lightbulb.


It is impossible to lick your elbow.


Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.


In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.


Possums have one of the shortest pregnancies at 16 days. The shortest human pregnancy to produce a healthy baby was 22 weeks, 6 days -- the baby was the length of a ballpoint pen.


Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.


The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.


13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese.


The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.


Fish that live more than 800 meters below the ocean surface don't have eyes.


Butterflies range in size from a tiny 1/8 inch to a huge almost 12 inches.


Some Case Moth caterpillars (Psychidae) build a case around themselves that they always carry with them. It is made of silk and pieces of plants or soil.


Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.


One in eight million people has progeria, a disease that causes people to grow faster than they age.


The male seahorse carries the eggs until they hatch instead of the female.


Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.


Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after Galileo died.


Mercury is the only planet whose orbit is coplanar with its equator.


The Morgan's Sphinx Moth from Madagascar has a proboscis (tube mouth) that is 12 to 14 inches long to get the nectar from the bottom of a 12 inch deep orchid discovered by Charles Darwin.


Some moths never eat anything as adults because they don't have mouths. They must live on the energy they stored as caterpillars.



People eat insects – called "Entomophagy"(people eating bugs) – it has been practiced for centuries throughout Africa, Australia, Asia, the Middle East, and North, Central and South America. Why? Because many bugs are both protein-rich and good sources of vitamins, minerals and fats.


Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. Go on, try it then


Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.


Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.


The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.


In York, it is perfectly legal to shoot a Scotsman with a bow and arrow (except on Sundays)


No piece of square dry paper can be folded in half more than 7 times


The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.


The Beetham Tower cost over £150 million to build.


The Beetham Tower has 47 floors.


"Stewardesses" is the longest word typed with only the left hand.


An average human loses about 200 head hairs per day.


Mexico City sinks about 10 inches a year


It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.


In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar


During the chariot scene in "Ben Hur," a small red car can be seen in the distance.


Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.


By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.


The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher.


In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.


On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.


Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.


The electric chair was invented by a dentist.


The top butterfly flight speed is 12 miles per hour. Some moths can fly 25 miles per hour!


The Brimstone butterfly (Gonepterix rhamni) has the longest lifetime of the adult butterflies: 9-10 months.


Bruce Lee was so fast that they actually had to s-l-o-w film down so you could see his moves.


A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.


Representations of butterflies are seen in Egyptian frescoes at Thebes, which are 3,500 years old.


Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.


14% of all facts and statistics are made up and 27% of people know that fact.


Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.


Eskimos have over 15 words for the English word of 'Snow'


Butterflies can see red, green, and yellow.


Some people say that when the black bands on the Woolybear caterpillar are wide, a cold winter is coming.


Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.


Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.


Almonds are a member of the peach family.


The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.


“Ithyphallophobia" is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis.


The average shelf-life of a latex condom is about two years.


14% of Americans have skinny-dipped with a member of the opposite sex at least once.


Male bats have the highest rate of homosexuality of any mammal.


A man's beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex.


A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.


Sex is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.


Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.


For every 'normal' webpage, there are five porn pages.


"Venus observa" is the technical term for the "missionary position."


Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.


Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) was born on and died on days when Halley's Comet can be seen.


US Dollar bills are made out of cotton and linen.


The 57 on the Heinz ketchup bottle represents the number of pickle types the company once had.


Americans are responsible for about 1/5 of the world's garbage annually.


Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.


Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks so that it doesn’t digest itself.


98% of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.


A B-25 bomber crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945.


The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper.


The dot over the letter “i” is called a tittle.


Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.


Triskaidekaphobia means fear of the number 13.


Paraskevidekatriaphobia means fear of Friday the 13th, which occurs one to three times a year.


In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number. In Japan, 4 is considered an unlucky number.


A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.


In ancient Rome, when a man testified in court he would swear on his testicles.


The ZIP in “ZIP code” means Zoning Improvement Plan.


Coca-Cola contained Coca (whose active ingredient is cocaine) from 1885 to 1903.



It's estimated that at any one time around 0.7% of the world's population is drunk.


40% of McDonald's profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.


Every person, including identical twins, has a unique eye & tongue print along with their fingerprint.


The “spot” on the 7-Up logo comes from its inventor who had red eyes. He was an albino.


315 entries in Webster's 1996 dictionary were misspelled.


The “save” icon in Microsoft Office programs shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.


Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin both married their first cousins


Camel's have three eyelids.


On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents every day.


John Wilkes Booth's brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln's son.


Warren Beatty and Shirley McLaine are brother and sister.


Chocolate can kill dogs; it directly affects their heart and nervous system.


Daniel Boone hated coonskin caps.


55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.


Most lipstick contains fish scales.


Dr. Seuss pronounced his name “soyce”.


Slugs have four noses.


Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.


India has a Bill of Rights for cows.


American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by taking out an olive from First Class salads.


About 200,000,000 M&Ms are sold each day in the United States.


Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.


There are 318,979,564,000 possible combinations of the first four moves in Chess.


There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.


Coconuts kill about 150 people each year. That's more than sharks.


Half of all bank robberies take place on a Friday.


The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan. There was never a recorded Wendy before it.


The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.


The first bomb the Allies dropped on Berlin in WWII killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.


The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.


If you put a drop of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.


Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.


The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's “Born in the USA”.


IBM's motto is “Think”. Apple later made their motto “Think different”.


The original name for butterfly was flutterby.


One in fourteen women in America is a natural blonde. Only one in sixteen men is.


The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service.


When the Titanic sank, 2228 people were on it. Only 706 survived.


Every day, 7% of the US eats at McDonald's.


During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, “Red Vineyard at Arles”.


By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.


One in ten people live on an island.


It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with.


28% of Africa is classified as wilderness. In North America, its 38%.


Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.


Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.


Sherlock Holmes NEVER said “Elementary, my dear Watson”


Humphrey Bogart NEVER said “Play it again, Sam” in Casablanca


They NEVER said “Beam me up, Scotty” on Star Trek.


Sharon Stone was the first Star Search spokes model.


More people are afraid of open spaces (kenophobia) than of tight spaces (claustrophobia).


There is a 1 in 4 chance that New York will have a white Christmas.


The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Libraries.


Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.


$203,000,000 is spent on barbed wire each year in the U.S.


Every US president has worn glasses (just not always in public).


Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.


Jim Henson first coined the word “Muppet”. It is a combination of “marionette” and “puppet.”


The Michelin man is known as Mr. Bib. His name was Bibendum in the company's first ads in 1896.


The word “lethologica” describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.


About 14% of injecting drug users are HIV positive.


A word or sentence that is the same front and back (racecar, kayak) is called a “palindrome”.


A snail can sleep for 3 years.


People photocopying their buttocks are the cause of 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide.


China has more English speakers than the United States.


One in every 9000 people is an albino.


There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.


The electric chair was invented by a dentist.


You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.


Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury.


Every year 4 people in the UK die putting their trousers on.


Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds; dogs only have about ten.


Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.


In every episode of “Seinfeld” there is a Superman picture or reference somewhere.


Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over million descendants.


Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.


Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity.


Many butterflies can taste with their feet to find out whether the leaf they sit on is good to lay eggs on to be their caterpillars' food or not.


There are more types of insects in one tropical rain forest tree than there are in the entire state of Vermont.


About 55% of all movies are rated R.


About 500 movies are made in the US and 800 in India annually.


Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.


The February of 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.


There is actually no danger in swimming right after you eat, though it may feel uncomfortable.


The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.


More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.


A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.


There are about 2 chickens for every human in the world.


The word “maverick” came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan refused to brand his cattle.


Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.


Termites have been known to eat food twice as fast when heavy metal music is playing.


There are more beetles than any other animal. In fact, one out of every four animals is a beetle.


The rhinoceros beetle is the strongest animal and is capable of lifting 850 times its own weight.


On a Canadian two-dollar bill, the American flag is flying over the Parliament Building.


An American urologist bought Napoleon's penis for $40,000.


No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.


Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters “MT”.


$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.


Almonds are members of the peach family.


Rats and horses can’t vomit.


The penguin is the only bird that can’t fly but can swim.


There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day.


Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.


Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.


Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.


Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.


Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.


Every time you lick a stamp you consume 1/10 of a calorie.


You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.


Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.


Ancient Egyptian priests would pluck every hair from their bodies.


A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.


An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.


All polar bears are left-handed.


The catfish has over 27000 taste buds (more than any other animal)


A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.


Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight. This would be like an adult person lifting two heavy cars full of people.


There are over a million described species of insects. Some people estimate there are actually between 15 and 30 million species.


Most insects are beneficial to people because they eat other insects, pollinate crops, are food for other animals, make products we use (like honey and silk) or have medical uses.


Butterflies and insects have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, called the exoskeleton. This protects the insect and keeps water inside their bodies so they don’t dry out.


Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.


An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.


Starfish have no brains.


11% of the world is left-handed.


Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.


The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.


There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.


A healthy (non-colorblind) human eye can distinguish between 500 shades of gray.


A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.


Lizards can self-amputate their tails for protection. It grows back after a few months.


Los Angeles’ full name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula”.


A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.


A honeybee can fly at fifteen miles per hour.


Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.


A “jiffy” is the scientific name for 1/100th of a second.


The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.


The youngest pope ever was 11 years old.


The first novel ever written on a typewriter is Tom Sawyer.


A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.


Elwood Edwards did the voice for the AOL sound files (i.e. “You've got Mail!”).


A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.


Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis middle name was Aron.


Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.


Donkeys kill more people than plane crashes.


Shakespeare invented the words “assassination” and “bump.”


If you keep a goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.


Women blink nearly twice as much as men.


The name Jeep comes from “GP”, the army abbreviation for General Purpose.


Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.


There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.


Cats urine glows under a black light.


A “quidnunc” is a person who is eager to know the latest news and gossip.


Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors, the helicopter, and many other present day items.


In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.


25% of a human's bones are in its feet.


On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.


“Canada” is an Indian word meaning “Big Village”.


Only one in two billion people will live to be 116 or older.


Rape is reported every six minutes in the U.S.


The human heart creates enough pressure in the bloodstream to squirt blood 30 feet.


A jellyfish is 95% water.


The world's longest snake (by reliable documentation) is the reticulated python, with a maximum length of, perhaps, 30 feet.


Common Cobra venom is not on the list of top 10 venoms yet it is still 40 times more toxic than cyanide.


The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.


Truck driving is the most dangerous occupation by accidental deaths (799 in 2001).


Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.


Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.


On average people fear spiders more than they do death.


The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)


In golf, a Bo Derek is a score of 10.


In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.


In most watch advertisements the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.


If you plant an apple seed, it is almost guaranteed to grow a tree of a different type of apple.


Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.


The only real person to be a PEZ head was Betsy Ross.


There are about 450 types of cheese in the world. 240 come from France.


A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.


In Iceland, a Big Mac costs $5.50.


Broccoli and cauliflower are the only vegetables that are flowers.


There is no solid proof of who built the Taj Mahal.


In a survey of 200000 ostriches over 80 years, not one tried to bury its head in the sand.


A dime has 118 ridges around the edge. A quarter has 119.


”Judge Judy” has a $25,000,000 salary, while Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg has a $190,100 salary.


Andorra, a tiny country between France & Spain, has the longest average lifespan: 83.49 years.


Mr. Rogers was an ordained Presbyterian minister.


In America you will see an average of 500 advertisements a day.


John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.


You can lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.


The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.


“The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick” is said to be the toughest tongue twister in English.


There are 336 dimples on a regulation US golf ball. In the UK its 330.


“Duff” is the decaying organic matter found on a forest floor.


The US has more personal computers than the next 7 countries combined.


Kuwait is about 60% male (highest in the world). Latvia is about 54% female (highest in the world).


The Hawaiian alphabet has only 12 letters.


In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined.


At the height of its power in 400 BC, the Greek city of Sparta had 25,000 citizens and 500,000 slaves.


Julius Caesar's autograph is worth about $2,000,000.


People say “bless you” when you sneeze because your heart stops for a millisecond.


US gold coins used to say “In Gold We Trust”.


In “Silence of the Lambs”, Hannibal Lector (Anthony Hopkins) never blinks.


A shrimp's heart is in its head.


In the 17th century, the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places. Today, to 1.2411 trillion.


Pearls melt in vinegar.


“Lassie” was played by a group of male dogs; the main one was named Pal.


Nepal is the only country that doesn’t have a rectangular flag.


Switzerland is the only country with a square flag.


Antarctica is the only continent on which no Lepidoptera have been found.


There are about 24,000 species of butterflies. The moths are even more numerous: about 140,000 species of them were counted all over the world.


Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.


Johnny Appleseed planted apples so that people could use apple cider to make alcohol.


Abraham Lincoln's ghost is said to haunt the White House.


God is not mentioned once in the book of Esther.


The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.


Scotland has more redheads than any other part of the world.


There is an average of 61,000 people airborne over the US at any given moment.


Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane in case there is a crash.


The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.


The surface of the Earth is about 60% water and 10% ice.


For every 230 cars that are made, 1 will be stolen.


Jimmy Carter was the first U.S. President to be born in a hospital.


Lightning strikes the earth about 8 million times a day.


Humans use a total of 72 different muscles in speech.


If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.


Only female mosquitoes bite.


The U.S. Post Office handles 43 percent of the world's mail.


Venus and Uranus are the only planets that rotate opposite to the direction of their orbit.


John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe died on July 4th.


Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Grover Cleveland's daughter, Ruth, not the baseball player.


Dolphins can look in different directions with each eye. They can sleep with one eye open.


The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).


There are 41,806 different spoken languages in the world today.


The city of Venice stands on about 120 small islands.


The past-tense of the English word “dare” is “durst”


Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.


Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!


What is called a "French kiss" in the English speaking world is known as an "English kiss" in France.


"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.


"Rhythm" is the longest English word without a vowel.


In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child


A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off!


Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.


You can't kill yourself by holding your breath


There is a city called Rome on every continent.


Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!


The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London


Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people


Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe!


One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!


Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!


Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!


Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!


Present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.


Women blink nearly twice as much as men.


Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.


Honey is the only food that does not spoil.


Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a "Friday the 13th."


Coca-Cola would be green if coloring weren’t added to it.


On average a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute.


More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.


The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.


More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.


Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.


The placement of a donkey's eyes in it's' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!


The six official languages of the U.N. are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.


Earth is the only planet not named after a god.


It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.


You're born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.


Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!


The world's oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!


The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds


Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.


A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!


A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!


The average person laughs 10 times a day!


The Bible, the world's best-selling book, is also the world's most shoplifted book.


Someone paid $14,000 for the bra worn by Marilyn Monroe in the film 'Some Like It Hot'.


Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.


More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.


Buckingham Palace in England has over six hundred rooms.


There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.


Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.


It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.


A snail can sleep for three years.


No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".


Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.


Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.


"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.


The "pound" key on your keyboard () is called an octotroph.


The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.


Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.


Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.


The original story from "Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights" begins, "Aladdin was a little Chinese boy."


Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.


Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.


The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.


Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us.


Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.


Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.


The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.


The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.


The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.


Hummingbirds are the only animals that can fly backwards.


A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.


The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.


The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.


Some lions mate over 50 times a day.


Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.


The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.


The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."


All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" are stuck on 4:20.


"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt."


Maine is the only state (in USA) whose name is just one syllable.


The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.


In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.


Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister.


A rat can last longer without water than a camel.


Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it will digest itself.


On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.


There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with orange, purple, silver and month.


The caterpillars of some Snout Moths (Pyralididae) live in or on water-plants.


The females of some moth species lack wings, all they can do to move is crawl.


If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.


The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the USA."


Sherlock Holmes NEVER said, "Elementary, my dear Watson."


California consumes more bottled water than any other product.


California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named "Jesus Christ."


In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.


Nevada is the driest state in the U.S.. Each year it averages 7.5 inches (19 cm) of rain.


In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.


Salt Lake City, Utah has a law against carrying an unwrapped ukulele on the street.


Arizona was the last of the 48 adjoining continental states to enter the Union.


It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.


Wyoming was the first state to give women the right to vote in 1869.


Denver, Colorado lays claim to the invention of the cheeseburger.


The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.


The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.


Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.


Residents of Houston, Texas lead the U.S. in eating out - approximately 4.6 times per week.


Laredo, Texas is the U.S.'s farthest inland port.


Rugby, North Dakota is the geographical center of North America.


Butte County, South Dakota is the geographical center of the U.S.


Louisiana's capital building is the tallest one of any U.S. state.


Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.


One in seven workers in Boston, Massachusetts walks to work.


The "Dull Men's Hall of Fame" is located in Carroll, Wisconsin.


Gary, Indiana is the murder capital of the U.S. - probably the world.


Alabama was the first state to recognize Christmas as an official holiday.


The largest NFL stadium is the Pontiac Silverdome in Detroit, Michigan.


Michigan was the first state to have roadside picnic tables.


No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.


The official beverage of Ohio is tomato juice.


Georgia's state motto is "Wisdom, Justice and Moderation."


The U.S. city with the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita is Clearwater, Florida.


It's illegal to spit on the sidewalk in Norfolk, Virginia.


The first streetlights in America were installed in Philadelphia around 1757.


The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.


If you were to take a taxicab from New York City to Los Angeles, it would cost you $8,325.


The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII. The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.


In New York State, it is illegal to but any alcohol on Sundays before noon.


There were 240 pedestrian fatalities in New York City in 1994.


Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.


Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capital without a McDonalds.


Maine is the only state that has borders with only one other state.


The first McDonald's restaurant in Canada was in Richmond, British Columbia.


In 1984, a Canadian farmer began renting advertising space on his cows.


There are more donut shops in Canada per capita than any other country.


0.3% of all road accidents in Canada involve a Moose.


In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.


In Quebec, there is an old law that states margarine must be a different color than butter.


The largest taxi fleet in the world is found in Mexico City. The city boasts a fleet of over 60,000 taxis.


More than 90% of the Nicaraguan people are Roman Catholic.


Cuba is the only island in the Caribbean to have a railroad.


Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.


The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.


Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.


The Amazon is the world's largest river, 3,890 miles (6,259 km) long.


The town of Calma, Chile in the Atacama Desert has never had rain.


The people of France eat more cheese than any other country in the world.


King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.


The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.


In ancient Greece "idiot" meant a private citizen or layman.


Bulgarians are known to be the biggest yogurt eaters in the world.


Czechs are the biggest consumers of beer per male in the world.


A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for drinking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.


Netherlands is the only country with a national dog.


When we think of Big Ben in London, we think of the clock. Actually, it's the bell.


The Automated Teller Machine (ATM) was introduced in England in 1965.


Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.


Icelanders consume more Coca-Cola per Capita than any other nation.


Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.


There is a hotel in Sweden built entirely out of ice; it is rebuilt every year.


Sweden has the least number of murders annually.


Lithuania has the highest suicide rate in the world.


The country code for Russia is "007".


Russians generally answer the phone by saying, "I'm listening".


The U.S. bought Alaska for 2 cents an acre from Russia.


1 in 5 of the world's doctors are Russian.


Antarctica is the only continent that does not have land areas below sea level.


The people of Israel consume more turkeys per capita than any other country.


Nepal is the only country that has a non-rectangular flag. It is also asymmetrical.


1,800 cigarettes are smoked per person each year in China.


Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.


There are more than 40,000 characters in the Chinese script.


More people speak English in China than the United States.


The toothbrush was invented in China in 1498.


Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.


Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.


In Japan, watermelons are squared. It's easier to stack them that way.


98% of Japanese are cremated.


The number "four" is considered unlucky in Japan because it is pronounced the same as "death".


The average Japanese household watches more than 10 hours of television a day.


The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.


Yo-yos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.


Australian soldiers used the song "We're Off to See the Wizard" as a marching song in WWII.


The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.


The Nullarbor Plain of Australia covers 100,000 square miles (160,900 km) without a tree.


Tasmania, Australia has the cleanest air in the inhabited world.


Greenland is the largest island in the world.


The first female guest host of "Saturday Night Live" was Candace Bergen.


In 1933, Mickey Mouse, an animated cartoon character, received 800,000 fan letters.


The Simpsons is the longest running animated series on TV.


The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It to Beaver."


In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.


The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.


Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.


The thyroid cartilage is more commonly known as the adams apple.


Your stomach needs to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it would digest itself.


The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.


The average cough comes out of your mouth at 60 miles (96.5 km) per hour.


Relative to size, the strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.


When you sneeze, all your bodily functions stop even your heart.


Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.


Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.


Children grow faster in the springtime.


It takes the stomach an hour to break down cows’ milk.


Women blink nearly twice as much as men.


Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.


There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).


If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.


The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.


In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.


An average human scalp has 100,000 hairs.


The average human blinks their eyes 6,205,000 times each year.


Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.


Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.


Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails.


The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).


15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.


The pancreas produces Insulin.


The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.


The human body is comprised of 80% water.


The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.


Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.


There are 45 miles of nerves in the skin of a human being.


Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.


While in Alcatraz, Al Capone was inmate 85.


Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot.


Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.


Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.


Peter Falk, who played "Columbo," has a glass eye.


Barbie's full name is "Babara Millicent Roberts."


The mother of Michael Nesmith of "The Monkees" invented whiteout.


Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.


Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."


It is believed that Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.


Adolf Hitler's mother seriously considered having an abortion but was talked out of it by her doctor.


The shortest British monarch was Charles I, who was 4 feet 9 inches.


Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.


Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed.


President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.


Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.


Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns.


Anne Boleyn, Queen Elizabeth I's mother, had six fingers on one hand.


Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.


The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.


Cher's last name was "Sarkissian." She changed it because no one could pronounce it.


Sugar was first added to chewing gum in 1869 by a dentist, William Semple.


Paper was invented early in the second century by Chinese eunuch.


Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.


Hannibal had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome.


A blue whales heart only beats nine times per minute.


A cat uses its whiskers to determine if a space is too small to squeeze through.


A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body.


A crocodiles tongue is attached to the roof of its mouth.


Rodent's teeth never stop growing.


A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.


The penguin is the only bird that can swim but can't fly.


The cheetah is the only cat that can't retract its claws.


A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.


Emus and kangaroos can't walk backwards.


Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.


A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.


Insects outnumber humans 100,000,000 to one.


Sharkskin has tiny tooth-like scales all over.


Chameleons can move their eyes in two directions at the same time.


Koalas never drink water. They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat.


A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.


When sharks take a bite, their eyes roll back and their teeth jut out.


Camels chew in a figure 8 pattern.


Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.


Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.


The catfish has the most taste buds of all animals, having over 27,000 of them.


A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.


A lion in the wild usually makes no more than 20 kills a year.


In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.


The state of Florida is bigger than England.


One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.


The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!


There are over 58 million dogs in the US


Dogs and cats consume over $11 billion worth of pet food a year


Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day


In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2-D2 and C-3P0 behind the ark


"I" is the most spoken word in the English language


"You" is the second most spoken English word


Spain leads the world in cork production


There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower


There is a city in Norway called "Hell"


The human feet perspire half a pint of fluid a day


An Olympic gold medal must contain 92.5 percent silver


There are 240 dots on an arcade Pac-Man game


The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments


Lee Harvey Oswald's cadaver tag sold at an auction for $6,600 in 1992.


A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef


The average American works 24,000 hours in their lifetime just to pay their taxes


40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet


A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.


Non-dairy creamer is flammable.


Pinocchio is Italian for "pine head."


There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building.


Every year about 98% of atoms in your body are replaced.

At a glance, the Celsius scale makes more sense than the Fahrenheit scale for temperature measuring. But its creator, Anders Celsius, was an oddball scientist. When he first developed his scale, he made freezing 100 degrees and boiling 0 degrees, or upside down. No one dared point this out to him, so fellow scientists waited until Celsius died to change the scale.

In Gulliver's Travels Jonathan Swift described the two moons of Mars, Phobos and Deimos, giving their exact size and speeds of rotation. He did this more than 100 years before either moon was discovered.

At a jet plane's speed of 1,000 km (620mi) per hour, the length of the plane becomes one atom shorter than its original length.

In the Durango desert, in Mexico, there's a creepy spot called the "Zone of Silence." You can't pick up clear TV or radio signals. And locals say fireballs sometimes appear in the sky.

Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.

Bill Gates' first business was Traff-O-Data, a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road.

Uranus' orbital axis is tilted at 90 degrees.

The final resting-place for Dr. Eugene Shoemaker - the Moon. The famed U.S. Geological Survey astronomer, trained the Apollo astronauts about craters, but never made it into space. Mr. Shoemaker had wanted to be an astronaut but was rejected because of a medical problem. His ashes were placed on board the Lunar Prospector spacecraft before it was launched on January 6, 1998. NASA crashed the probe into a crater on the moon in an attempt to learn if there is water on the moon.

Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.

The first fossilized specimen of Australopithecus afarenisis was named Lucy after the paleontologists' favorite song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds," by the Beatles.

Figlet, an ASCII font converter program, stands for Frank, Ian and Glenn's LETters.

Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Plutonium - first weighed on August 20th, 1942, by University of Chicago scientists Glenn Seaborg and his colleagues - was the first man-made element.

The radioactive substance, Americanium - 241 is used in many smoke detectors.

The original IBM-PCs, that had hard drives, referred to the hard drives as Winchester drives. This is due to the fact that the original Winchester drive had a model number of 3030. This is, of course, a Winchester firearm.

Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.

On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.

Only one satellite has been ever been destroyed by a meteor: the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993.

Starch is used as a binder in the production of paper. It is the use of a starch coating that controls ink penetration when printing. Cheaper papers do not use as much starch, and this is why your elbows get black when you are leaning over your morning paper.

Sterling silver is not pure silver. Because pure silver is too soft to be used in most tableware it is mixed with copper in the proportion of 92.5 percent silver to 7.5 percent copper.

A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber. A ball of solid steel will bounce higher than one made entirely of glass.

A chip of silicon a quarter-inch square has the capacity of the original 1949 ENIAC computer, which occupied a city block.

An ordinary TNT bomb involves atomic reaction, and could be called an atomic bomb. What we call an A-bomb involves nuclear reactions and should be called a nuclear bomb.

The first full moon to occur on the winter solstice, Dec. 22, commonly called the first day of winter, happened in 1999. Since a full moon on the winter solstice occurred in conjunction with a lunar perigee (point in the moon's orbit that is closest to Earth), the moon appeared about 14% larger than it does at apogee (the point in it's elliptical orbit that is farthest from the Earth). Since the Earth is also several million miles closer to the sun at that time of the year than in the summer, sunlight striking the moon was about 7% stronger making it brighter. Also, this was the closest perigee of the Moon of the year since the moon's orbit is constantly deforming. In places where the weather was clear and there was a snow cover, even car headlights were superfluous.

According to security equipment spe******ts, security systems that utilize motion detectors won't function properly if walls and floors are too hot. When an infrared beam is used in a motion detector, it will pick up a person's body temperature of 98.6 degrees compared to the cooler walls and floor. If the room is too hot, the motion detector won't register a change in the radiated heat of that person's body when it enters the room and breaks the infrared beam. Your home's safety might be compromised if you turn your air conditioning off or set the thermostat too high while on summer vacation.

Western Electric successfully brought sound to motion pictures and introduced systems of mobile communications which culminated in the cellular telephone.

On December 23, 1947, Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., held a secret demonstration of the transistor which marked the foundation of modern electronics.

The wick of a trick candle has small amounts of magnesium in them. When you light the candle, you are also lighting the magnesium. When someone tries to blow out the flame, the magnesium inside the wick continues to burn and, in just a split second (or two or three), relights the wick.

Time slows down near a black hole; inside it stops completely.

Tiny dust particles surround a comet. They are swept into a long tail by the solar wind, which consists of subatomic particles speeding from the sum at speed of hundred of miles per second.

To an observer standing on Pluto, the sun would appear no brighter than Venus appears in our evening sky.

Traveling at the speed of 186,000 miles per second, light take 6 hours to travel from Pluto to the earth.

A brown dwarf is a very small, dark object, with a mass less than 1/10 that of the Sun. They are 'failed stars', globules of gas that have shrunk under gravity, but failed to ignite and shine as stars.

If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.

The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four major pillars of the economy in the middle ages: heart represented the Church, spades represented the military, clubs represented agriculture, and diamonds represented the merchant class.
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
Lucy and Linus (who where brother and sister) had another little brother named Rerun. (He sometimes played left-field on Charlie Brown's baseball team, [when he could find it!]).
The pancreas produces Insulin.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
World Tourist day is observed on September 27.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
Turning a clock's hands counterclockwise while setting it is not necessarily harmful. It is only damaging when the timepiece contains a chiming mechanism.
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian.
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
St. Stephen is the patron saint of bricklayers.
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium.
Mary Stuart became Queen of Scotland when she was only six days old.
Charlie Brown's father was a barber.
Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (2 m) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; "7" was selected because the original containers were 7 ounces. "UP" indicated the direction of the bubbles.
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
The fist product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
Beatrix Potter created the first of her legendary "Peter Rabbit" children's stories in 1902.
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Seuss in "If I Ran the Zoo."
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
The roar that we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear is not the ocean, but rather the sound of blood surging through the veins in the ear. Any cup-shaped object placed over the ear produces the same effect.
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
Liberace Museum has a mirror-plated Rolls Royce; jewel-encrusted capes, and the largest rhinestone in the world, weighing 59 pounds and almost a foot in diameter.
A car that shifts manually gets 2 miles more per gallon of gas than a car with automatic shift.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
The United States has never lost a war in which mules were used.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun.
Paul Revere rode on a horse that belonged to Deacon Larkin.
The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the expression "to get fired"
Nobody knows who built the Taj Mahal. The names of the architects, masons, and designers that have come down to us have all proved to be latter-day inventions, and there is no evidence to indicate who the real creators were.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary "I quit smoking tobacco." He died one month later.
"Goodbye" came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you."
February is Black History Month.
Jane Barbie was the woman who did the voice recordings for the Bell System.
The first drive-in service station in the United States was opened by Gulf Oil Company - on December 1, 1913, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees. Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
No piece of normal-size paper can be folded in half more than 7 times.
80% of all pictures on the internet are of naked women
250 to 300 million cell phones are being used in the U.S.
The shrimp's heart is in its head
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
The skin of the average woman weighs 3 kilograms, while that of the average man weighs 5 kilograms
Dutch, on average are the tallest people
Kissing is healthier than shaking hands
There are no cemeteries in San Francisco, CA
Married men tip better than unmarried men
India never invaded any country in her history
Natural pearls melt in vinegar
An olive tree can live up to 1500 years
Cleopatra married two of her brothers
Buttermilk does not contain any butter
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
The earth is about 6,588,000,000,000,000,000 tons in weight
A goldfish has a memory span of about 3 seconds
There are 86,400 seconds in day
The parachute was invented by DiVinci in 1515
Ants never sleep
The human brain is 80% water
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament Building is an American flag
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple
Marilyn Monroe had six toes on one foot
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law that stated you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb
'Jedi' is an official religion in Australia with over 70,000 followers
Church of England has apologized to Charles Darwin 200 years after his birth
Chewing gum while peeling onions will reduce your tears
Dalmatians are born without spots
Men's shirts have the buttons on the right while women's shirts have the buttons on the left
Roosters have to extend their necks in order to crow
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room
Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are always all the same sex
In 2009 one of eight newly married couples in the US met online
There are about 540,000 words in the English language and growing
Gamblers mostly don't see any clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos
If you are right handed, you will tend to chew food on your right side. If you are left handed, you likely to chew food on your left side
The bedroom is the most common place for sex and the car is second
Humans and bonobo monkeys (pygmy chimpanzee) are the only species who have face-to-face sex
Everyday, 15 billion cigarettes are smoked worldwide
Hugo Boss designed some of the Nazi SS uniforms
Any free moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension
A snail can slide over a razor blade without being hurt by producing slime that helps it slide harmlessly
Worldwide, there are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
The human heart beats over 100,000 times a day
Human fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails
The French tickler was invented by a Tibetan monk
Studies have proven that it is harder to tell a convincing lie to someone you find sexually attractive
Onions have no flavor, only a smell
Red wine will spoil if exposed to light; hence tinted bottles
One quarter of the bones in the human body is in the feet
Dogs and cats, like humans, are either right or left handed (paw).
Polar bears with white, fluffy fur actually have black skin
Sharks lay the biggest eggs in the world
The blue whale can produce the loudest sound of any animal. At 188 decibels, the noise can be detected over 800 kilometres away
The day after Thanksgiving is the busiest day for plumbers in the US
The eyes of the chameleon can move independently. It can see in two different directions at the same time
The total weight of skin for an average adult human is 6 pounds.
The world record for time without sleep is 264 hours ( ~11 days) by Randy Gardner in 1965
Cold showers stimulate your sex drive
Coffee beans aren't beans; they are fruit pits
Among older men, vanilla is the most erotic smell
A pound of potato chips costs 200 times more than a pound of raw potatoes
Lima beans contain cyanide
Fortune cookies were actually invented in America (not China), in 1918, by Charles Jung
If you put a raisin in a fresh glass of champagne, it will rise and fall continuously
Caffeine is on the International Olympic Committee list of prohibited substances
Some in Japan bath in coffee grounds that were fermented with pineapple pulp to improve their skin and reduce wrinkles
Some kinds of frogs can be frozen solid then thawed, and continue living
A snail can sleep for three years
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon
In Korea and other East Asian countries, the age of the person is counted from conception and not physical birth
Dogs have about 10 vocal sounds; cats have over 100
The people in Bali only have one of four names: Wayan, Made, Nyoman, and Ketut
There are more pyramids in Peru than in Egypt
The Great Pyramid at Giza in Egypt holds a constant temperature of 68 degrees Fahrenheit
The state official motto of Alaska is " North to the Future"
People who chase after rare birds are called twitchers
In ancient Egypt, priests plucked every hair from their bodies
Orgies were originally religious events. They were originally offerings to the gods
2,520 can be divided by 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 without having a fractional leftover
It is unknown if odd perfect numbers exist
A perfect number is a number whose divisors add up to itself such as 28: 1+2+4+7+14=28
Human eye detects 10 million colors
The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Mat," which means "the king (shah) is dead (mat)."
Kissing helps prevent tooth decay
One California law states that sunshine is guaranteed to all people
Moderate dancing burns 250 to 300 calories an hour
Your thumb is the same length as your nose
Butterflies smell with their feet
Canada is an Indian word meaning "Big Village"
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit
In Hong Kong, a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her cheating adulterous husband but she may only do so with her bare hands
In Germany, an official approval is needed before a new born is named.
Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do
Impotence is grounds for divorce in 26 U.S. states
Horses can't vomit and pigs can't look up in the sky
In1770, a bill proposing that women using makeup should be punished for witchcraft was put forward to the British Parliament
The oldest dog died at the age of 29
Cats are the most popular pets in the United States
Black olives contain on average 10 to 30% more oil than green olives
In Arizona it is illegal to have more than two dildos in one house
San Jose was the original capital of California
Carl Sagan was a pot smoker
5% of the world population lives in the US but 22% of the world's prisons population are held in the US.
All swans in England are the property of the queen or king
The first product to have a bar code scanned was Wrigley's gum.
Earth is the only planet not named after a pagan God.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
In Hong Kong, a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her cheating adulterous husband but she may only do so with her bare hands.
The new 787 Boeing was revealed on 7/8/07 or July 8th, 07.
Adding a drop of olive oil and lemon juice to an ice cube then running it over your face gives you better results than some expensive skin care products.
250 to 300 million cell phones are being used in the U.S
You will weigh less if you weigh yourself when the moon is full
Honeybees never sleep
Carl Sagan was a pot smoker
Benjamin Franklin was offended about putting a bald eagle as the national bird because he thought that other people were trying to make fun of him, since he was bald
5% of the world population lives in the US but 22% of the world's prisons population are held in the US
80% of all pictures on the internet are of naked women
Horses can't vomit and pigs can't look up in the sky
San Jose was the original capital of California
Most lipstick have fish scales
In Arizona it is illegal to have more than two dildos in one house
Black olives contain on average 10 to 30% more oil than green olives
Cats are the most popular pets in the United States
The oldest dog died at the age of 29
Tamiflu's main natural ingredient is Chinese star anise
Not only the fur of the tiger is striped but also its skin
The Germans tried to copy Coca-Cola and came up with the drink Fanta.
Every day is about 55 billionths of a second longer than the day before it
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
The largest potato was grown in Lebanon by Khalil Semhat near Tyre. The spud was 11.3 kilos (24.9 pounds)
Footprints of astronauts who landed on the moon should last at least 10 million years since the moon has no atmosphere.
The national orchestra of Monaco (a nation in Europe) has more individuals than its army.
Earthworms have five hearts
The Himalayan gogi berry contains, weight for weight, more iron than steak, more beta carotene than carrots, more vitamin C than oranges.
Paraguay and Moldova are the only countries with national flags with different emblems on the obverse and reverse sides.
Fingerprints of koalas are similar (in pattern, shape and size) to the fingerprints of humans
Genetically-engineered babies were born first in 2001.
If an Amish man has a beard, he is married.
If a native Hawaiian woman places the flower on her right ear, she is available. (The bigger the flower, the more desperate)
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning.
Pope Pius II wrote an erotic book "Historia de duobos amantibus" in 1444.
SCUBA divers cannot pass gas at depths of 33 feet or below
Pele has always hated his nickname, which he says sounds like "baby-talk in Portuguese".
As of 2006, 200 million blogs were left without updates
Two phone books with their pages interlaced require more than 8000 pounds of pressure to separte.
Urban birds have developed a short, fast "rap style" of singing, different from their rural counterparts.
The lion costume in the film Wizard of Oz was made from real lions.
Fathers tend to determine the height of their child, mothers their weight.
The Pope's been known to wear red Prada shoes.
Donald Rumsfeld was both the youngest and the oldest defense secretary in US history.
Coco Chanel started the trend for sun tans in 1923 when she got accidentally burnt on a cruise.
Up to 25% of hospital keyboards carry the MRSA infection.
In ancient Greece, children of wealthy families were dipped in olive oil at birth to keep them hairless throughout their lives.
Ghandi didn't allow his wife to take penicillin to save her life from pneumonia but took quinine to save himself from malaria.
Sex workers (Prostitutes) in Roman times charged the equivalent price of eight glasses of red wine.
As of 2006, more than one in eight people in the United States show signs of addiction to the internet.
More than 90% of plane crashes have survivors.
The Mona Lisa used to hang on the wall of Napoleon's bedroom.
Barbie's full name is Barbie Millicent Roberts.
Eating a packet of crisps a day is equivalent to drinking five liters of cooking oil a year.
Plant seeds that have been stored for more than 200 years can be coaxed into new life.
For every 10 successful attempts to climb Mount Everest there is one fatality. (As of 2006)
Watching television can act as a natural painkiller for children
Forty-one percent of English women have punched or kicked their partners, according to a study.
The more panels a football has - and therefore the more seams - the easier it is to control in the air.
Music can help reduce chronic pain by more than 20% and can alleviate depression by up to 25%.
The egg came first.
Modern teenagers are better behaved than their counterparts of 20 years ago, showing "less problematic behavior" involving sex, drugs and drink.
Britain is still paying off debts that predate the Napoleonic wars because it's cheaper to do so than buy back the bonds on which they are based.
In Bhutan government policy is based on Gross National Happiness; thus most street advertising is banned, as are tobacco and plastic bags.
The best-value consumer purchase in terms of the price and usage is an electric kettle.
Camel's milk, which is widely drunk in Arab countries, has 10 times more iron than cow's milk.
Iceland has the highest concentration of broadband users in the world.
Native Hawaiian women were not allowed to cook.
The age limit for marriage in France was, until recently, 15 for girls, but 18 for boys. The age for girls was raised to 18 in 2006.
The brain is soft and gelatinous - its consistency is something between jelly and cooked pasta.
The Himalayas cover one-tenth of the Earth's surface.
The scientific name of the red fox is Vulpes vulpes .
Alligators can live up to 100 years.
A single elephant tooth can weigh as much as 9 pounds.
A housefly hums in the key of F.
During World War II, Americans tried to train bats to drop bombs.
Canis lupus lupus is the scientific name for a grey wolf.
To escape the grip of a crocodile’s jaw, push your thumb into its eyeballs-it will let you go instantly.
It is much easier for dogs to learn spoken commands if they are given in conjunction with hand signals or gestures.
Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death!
Male rabbits are called “bucks,” females are “does.”
The flamingo can only eat when its head is upside down.
Animals generate 30 times more waste than humans which is 1.4 billion tons every year.
Ants never sleep. Also they don’t have lungs.
Just one cow gives off enough harmful methane gas in a single day to fill around 400 litre bottles.
Apple and pear seeds contain arsenic, which may be deadly to dogs.
Cows have one large stomach that is divided into four compartments to go through the different stages of digestion.
An anteater is nearly 6 feet long, yet its mouth is only an inch wide.
A herd of sixty cows is capable of producing a ton of milk in less than a day.
A grasshopper can leap 20 times the length of its own body.
At birth, baby kangaroos are only about an inch long – no bigger than a large water bug or a queen bee.
The smell of a skunk can be detected by a human a mile away.
There is a butterfly in Africa with enough poison in its body to kill six cats!
Cats have lived with people for only 7,000 years.
A black panther is really a black leopard.
The honey bee has been around for 30 million years.
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan hounds.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
A dog’s shoulder blades are unattached to the rest of the skeleton to allow greater flexibility for running.
Tigers have striped skin as well as their fur.
Hippos can run faster than humans!
The Latin name for moose is alces alces .
The earliest European images of dogs are found in cave paintings dating back 12,000 years ago in Spain.
Baby horses can walk and run after just a few hours of being born.
The kangaroo’s ancestors lived in trees. Today there are eight different kinds of tree kangaroos.
A woodpecker can peck 20 times per second.
The great horned owl has no sense of smell.
Scientists have performed brain surgery on cockroaches.
The flea can jump up to 200 times its own height. This is equal to a man jumping the Empire State Building in New York.
Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale.
The very first bomb that the Allies dropped on Berlin in World War Two hit an elephant.
A garden caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head.
A moth has no stomach.
George Washington’s teeth were made of elephant ivory, and walrus tusks.
Goats and sheep are seasonal breeders.
An elephant can smell water up to 3 miles away.
A skunk will not bite and throw its scent at the same time.
In 2003, Dr. Roger Mugford invented the “wag-o-meter” a device that claims to interpret a dog’s exact mood by measuring the wag of its tail.
Every day of the year, 100 whales are killed by whale fisherman.
If you cut off a snail’s eye, it will grow a new one.
The ostrich has two toes on each foot which gives it greater speed.
Lonomia obliqua is the world’s deadliest caterpillar.
The most dogs ever owned by one person were 5,000 Mastiffs owned by Kubla Khan.
On average, cows poop 16 times per day!
The phrase “raining cats and dogs” originated in seventeenth-century England. During heavy rainstorms, many homeless animals would drown and float down the streets, giving the appearance that it had actually rained cats and dogs.
The most poisonous fish in the world is the stone fish.
Killer whales are not whales at all, rather a species of dolphin.
Dogs have sweat glands in between their paws.
The fear of animals is called zoophobia.
We share 70% of our DNA with a slug.
Chocolate, macadamia nuts, cooked onions, or anything with caffeine is harmful to dogs.
No two tigers ever have the same stripes, and this is how individual tigers can be identified.
The American Kennel Club, the most influential dog club in the United States, was founded in 1884.
The longest recorded life span of a slug was 1 year, 6 months.
A whale's heart beats only nine times a minute.
Elephants are covered with hair.
A hawk is the third eyelid of a cat, which can only be seen when the cat €™t well.
A python can swallow a rabbit whole and may eat as many as 150 mice in a six-month period.
The placement of the eyes of a donkey enables them to see all four of their legs at all times.
Oysters can change from one gender to another and back again depending on which is best for mating.
Hummingbirds beat their wings 60 to 80 times per second.
Only half of a dolphin’s brain sleeps at a time. The other awake half makes the dolphin come up for air when needed to prevent drowning.
Dogs have about 1,700 taste buds.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year’s supply of footballs.
A completely blind chameleon will still take on the colors of its environment.
A rodent’s teeth never stop growing.
When young abalones feed on red seaweed their shells turn red.
Small quantities of grapes and raisins can cause renal failure in dogs.
The hippopotamus is born underwater.
Taurophobia is the fear of bulls.
A bat can eat up to 1,000 insects per hour.
One million stray dogs and 500,000 stray cats live in New York City metropolitan area.
You can tell a turtle’s gender by the noise it makes. Males grunt, females hiss.
An elephant’s trunk has around 15,000 muscles. 200 litres of water is drunk from it per day.
The most popular female dog name is Maggie. The most popular male dog name is Max.
A large group of goats is called a herd.
Squirrels cannot see the color red.
The average chicken lays about 260 eggs per year.
A starving mouse will eat its own tail.
Only 5 to 10 percent of cheetah cubs make it to adulthood.
Ferrets sleep around 20 hours a day.
Birds can recognise landmarks, which they use to help them navigate.
The starfish is the only animal capable of turning its stomach inside-out.
Male dogs will raise their legs while urinating to aim higher on a tree or lamppost because they want to leave a message that they are tall and intimidating. Some wild dogs in Africa try to run up tree trunks while they are urinating to appear to be very Sharks have been around longer than dinosaurs.
About two-thirds of shark attacks on humans have taken place in water less than six feet deep.
Sharks are immune to cancer!
Worldwide, more people eat and drink milk from goats than any other animal.
Alligators cannot move backwards.
The most popular dog breed in Canada, America, and Great Britain is the labrador retriever.
The largest giant squid ever found weighed 8,000 pounds.
Approximately 100 people die each year when they are stepped on by cows.
A butterfly has 12,000 eyes.
Humpback whales create the loudest sound of any living creature.
Hippo’s sweat is pink.
Whale milk is 50% fat.
In Croatia, scientists discovered that lampposts were falling down because a chemical in the urine of male dogs was rotting the metal.
In the Caribbean there are oysters that can climb trees.
The swan has over 25,000 feathers in its body.
The blue whale is the largest of all whales and is also considered the largest animal to have ever existed in the world.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
Starfish have eight eyes – one at the end of each leg.
There are almost 60 million dogs in the United States.
After eating, a housefly regurgitates its food and then eats it again.
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet long in just one night.
Back in 1924, a monkey was convicted in South Bend of the crime of smoking a cigarette and sentenced to pay a 25 dollar fine!
Flamingos are pink because shrimp is one of their main sources of food.
The Mayans and Aztecs symbolised every tenth day with the dog, and those born under this sign were believed to have outstanding leadership skills.
When a male tiger and female lion mate they make a tigon, when a male lion and female tiger mate they make a liger.
French poodles did not originate in France – they came from Germany.
The breeding age for male goats is between 8-10 months.
Elephants don’t drink through their trunks like a straw.
Baby whales grow to a 1/3 of their mother’s length in the womb.
Goats do not have teeth in their upper front jaw.
Goat’s milk is higher in calcium, vitamin A and niacin than cow’s milk.
Turkeys have a poor sense of smell, but excellent sense of taste.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Tuna fish can swim 40 miles in a single day.
Bumblebees have hair on their eyes.
Penguins can jump 6 feet out of water.
Giraffe hearts pump twice as hard as a cow’s to get blood to its brain.
Blue whales have large enough aortas (the main blood vessel) for a human to crawl through.
Some dogs can smell dead bodies under water!
More than 45 million turkeys are cooked and eaten in the US at Thanksgiving.
Baby whales can gain up to 200 pounds per day.
Dogs have a wet nose to collect more of the tiny droplets of smelling chemicals in the air.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.
Cat owners are 30% less likely to suffer a heart attack.
Barn owls hunt mostly small mammals such as the short-tailed vole.
A cheetahs lifespan is up to 12 years in the wild.
Shark corneas are being used in human eye transplants.
Dogs are about as smart as a two or three-year-old child.
Butterflies have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, this is known as the exoskeleton.
Arachnophobia is the fear of spiders.
Polar bears are the world’s largest land predators.
Hippos attract mates by urinating and defecating.
Butterflies can only see the colors red, green and yellow.
Yellowtail is the general name for loads of different species of fish that have yellow tails or a yellow body.
There are roughly twenty-four thousand species of butterflies.
A dik-dik is a tiny antelope that lives in East Africa, Namibia and Angola.
Dik-diks weigh between three and six kilogrammes.
Female polar bears normally start having baby cubs at the age of four or five.
Fireflies are also known as lightning bugs.
Noctule bats fly before sunset, whereas Pipistrelles appear soon after sunset.
In general, Asiatic jerboas have five toes on their back feet and African jerboas have three.
Even though a polar bears average body temperature is 37Â°C; they don’t give off any detectable heat, so they won’t show up in infrared photographs.
Dogs can see better when the light is low.
Dumbledore isn’t only the Headmaster of Hogwarts; in fact a dumbledore is an old English term for a type of bee.
Most young fireflies feed on nectar and pollen, although adult fireflies do not need to eat to survive.
79% of pet owners sleep with their pets.
Two dogs were among the Titanic survivors.
Many species of owls have special feathers for flying silently.
An elephant can smell water up to 3 miles away.
The animal on the Firefox logo is not a fox, but a red panda.
There is only one pink bottlenose dolphin which has been discovered, in an inland lake in Louisiana, USA.
China has the most goats in the world, they have over 170 Million.
A chicken with red ear lobes will produce brown eggs, and a chicken with white ear lobes will produce white eggs.
One survey reports that 33 percent of dog owners admit they talk to their dogs on the phone or leave messages on answering machines while they are away.
The average dog can run about 19 mph.
The owl has a small brain.
Snakes do not blink.
A squid’s eye can get as big as a basketball.
A puppy is born blind, deaf, and toothless.
Agrizoophobia is the fear of wild animals.
There are currently over a million animal species upon planet earth.
There are over 70,000 types of spiders spinning their webs in the world.
If you have a fear of chickens, then you actually have Alektorophobia.
Dogs can see in color, though they most likely see colors similar to a color-blind human.
Dogs have lived with humans for over 14,000 years.
There are 3,000 kinds of lice in the world.
The life of a housefly is only 14 days.
The lifespan of 75% of wild birds is 6 months.
Denmark has twice as many pigs as there are people.
National Dance Like A Chicken Day falls on 14th May every year.
The sailfish can swim at the speed of 109 km/h, making it the fastest swimmer.
The crocodile’s tongue is unmovable, as it is attached to the roof of its mouth.
Greyhounds are the fastest dogs on Earth and can run at speeds of 45 mph.
The Basenji is the worlds only bark-less dog.
Goats are quite agile creatures and in some cases they can jump over 5 feet.
In 2006, 253 fish-species were listed as critically endangered.
The hippopotamus’s skin is protected by its own pink oily secretion known as ‘pink sweat’.
The Tyrannosaurus Rex went extinct 65 million years ago.
The Irish deer is the largest deer to have ever existed. It went into extinction approximately 7,700 years ago.
It costs approximately $10,000 to train a federally certified search and rescue dog.
The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.
A herd of unicorns is called a blessing.
The oldest recorded elephant lived for 82 years.
According to records there are 50 million monkeys in the world!
There are an estimated 400 million dogs in the world.
Goats were the first animals to be used for milk by humans.
The U.S. has the highest dog population in the world. France has the second highest.
There are over 2700 types of snakes in the world and they live in deserts, forests, oceans, streams, lakes.
Cows from different areas have a different moo accent.
The male goat is called a “buck” or “billy”.
The female goat is called a “doe” or “nanny”.
A baby goat is called a “kid”.
Dog nose prints are as unique as human finger prints and can be used to identify them.
Ailurophobia is the fear of cats.
Ichthyophobia is the fear of fish.
Female bald eagles are 25% larger than males.
Frogs don’t drink water. They absorb water through their skin.
Suriphobia is the fear of mice.
There are over 210 breeds of goats in the world.
A polar bear’s outer fur is called ‘guard hair’.
An adult lion’s roar is so loud; it can be heard up to five miles away.
There is a shark called ‘goblin shark’ which has only been seen around 50 times since its discovery in 1897.
There are approximately 450 million goats around the world.
Dalmatians are completely white at birth.
A beaver’s teeth never stop growing.
Apiphobia is the fear of bees.
The average dolphin eats one-third of its weight on food each day.
Goats and octopus’ pupils of their eyes are rectangular.
African elephants only have four teeth to chew their food with.
The scales of a crocodile are made of certain, the same substance that hooves and fingernails are made of.
Crocodiles eat stones.
Crocodiles have brains no larger than a cigar.
Cheetahs were trained by man for hunting as long as 3000 BC.
Horses can’t vomit.
Both male and female caribou grow antlers.
Alternate American names for the Elk are the moose and the Wapiti.
A group of frogs is called an army.
Tigers can see 6 times better at night than humans.
Starfish don’t die of old age.
A male gorilla can eat 40 pounds of food a day.
A group of whales is called a pod.
Female harp seals get in groups to have their babies one mating season is over.
When giraffes age, their fur darkens.
Heron’s eggs have a greenish-blue pale color.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
All dolphins have a different whistle.
Scientists had to go 45 million years back in history to find the elephant’s oldest ancestor.
Tiger Day is the last Sunday in September.
There is no visual difference between male and female herons.
A full-grown bear can run as fast as a horse.
Hyenas regularly eat the faeces of other animals.
Frogs cannot swallow without blinking.
A giraffe has the same number of bones in its neck as a man.
Moose have very poor vision. Some have even tried to mate with cars.
The swan has over 25,000 feathers on its body.
African elephants have bigger ears than Indian elephants.
There is no record of a human being attacked by a healthy wolf.
Hummingbirds are the only birds who can fly backwards.
Dolphins can eat up to 30 pounds of fish a day.
There’s a spider in Brazil whose bites can cause an erection that lasts for hours!
There are no ants in Iceland, Greenland, and Antarctica.
Before they’re even born, sand tiger sharks eat their twin brothers and sisters!
Jellyfish evaporate in the sun. They’re 98% water.
Rooster is simply a male chicken.
Pikachu is a mouse type PokÃ©mon.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
The Big Five is a group of animals of Africa: cape buffalo, elephant, leopard, lion and rhino.
The slowest fish is the sea horse, which moves along at about 0.01 mph (0.016 km/h).
Millions of trees are accidentally planted by squirrels that bury nuts and then forget where they hid them.
The lifespan of a bush baby is 14 years.

